@comment $NetBSD: PLIST,v 1.1 2018/08/07 16:34:52 nia Exp $
share/libretro/database/cursors/list_all_ps1_games_from_publisher_eidos.dbc
share/libretro/database/cursors/list_all_ps1_games_with_an_edge_rating_of_9_out_of_10.dbc
share/libretro/database/cursors/list_all_ps1_games_with_uk_origin.dbc
share/libretro/database/cursors/list_all_snes_games_released_on_october_1995.dbc
share/libretro/database/cursors/list_all_snes_streetfighter_games.dbc
share/libretro/database/rdb/Amstrad - CPC.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Atari - 2600.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Atari - 5200.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Atari - 7800.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Atari - Jaguar.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Atari - Lynx.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Atari - ST.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Bandai - WonderSwan.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Casio - Loopy.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Casio - PV-1000.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Cave Story.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/ChaiLove.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Coleco - ColecoVision.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Commodore - 64.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/DOOM.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/DOS.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Dinothawr.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Entex - Adventure Vision.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/FB Alpha - Arcade Games.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Fairchild - Channel F.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Funtech - Super Acan.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/GCE - Vectrex.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/GamePark - GP32.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Handheld Electronic Game.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Hartung - Game Master.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Lutro.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/MAME 2000.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/MAME 2003.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/MAME 2010.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/MAME 2014.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/MAME.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Magnavox - Odyssey2.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Mattel - Intellivision.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Microsoft - MSX.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Microsoft - MSX2.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Microsoft - Xbox.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/MrBoom.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/NEC - PC-FX.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - Famicom Disk System.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - Game Boy.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - GameCube.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC).rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play) (BETA).rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - Nintendo Wii (DLC).rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - Satellaview.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - Wii.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Nintendo - e-Reader.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Philips - Videopac+.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Quake1.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/RCA - Studio II.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/RPG Maker.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Rick Dangerous.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/SNK - Neo Geo CD.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/ScummVM.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sega - 32X.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sega - Dreamcast.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sega - Game Gear.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sega - Master System - Mark III.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sega - PICO.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sega - SG-1000.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sega - Saturn.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sharp - X68000.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sinclair - ZX 81.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sony - PlayStation 2.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable).rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN).rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sony - PlayStation 3.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sony - PlayStation Portable Vita.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sony - PlayStation Portable.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sony - PlayStation Vita.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Sony - PlayStation.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/The 3DO Company - 3DO.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Tiger - Game.com.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Tomb Raider.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Uzebox.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/VTech - CreatiVision.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/VTech - V.Smile.rdb
share/libretro/database/rdb/Watara - Supervision.rdb
